docs: refine README.md for the emqx_rule_engine app (#10179)
emqx/emqx: apps/emqx_rule_engine/README.md

# Emqx Rule Engine

The rule engine's goal is to provide a simple and flexible way to transform and
reroute the messages coming to the EMQX broker. For example, one message
containing measurements from multiple sensors of different types can be
transformed into multiple messages.

## Concepts

A rule is quite simple. A rule describes which messages it affects by
specifying a topic filter and a set of conditions that need to be met. If a
message matches the topic filter and all the conditions are met, the rule is
triggered. The rule can then transform the message and route it to a different
topic, or send it to another service (defined by an EMQX bridge). The rule

> engine's message data transformation is designed to work well with JSON
> formatted data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
engine's message data transformation is designed to work well with structured data
such as JSON, avro, and protobuf.
```

Reviewer: schema registry is not added yet, but rule-engine should be able to work with any kind of structured data as long as they can be deserialized into an Erlang map. (maybe add this info to the readme).
